feat: how to exclude search from analytics (#3593)
meilisearch/documentation: capabilities/analytics/how_to/ignore_search_requests.mdx

---
title: Exclude search requests from analytics
sidebarTitle: Exclude search requests from analytics
description: Learn how to improve your analytics by excluding search requests.
---

import CodeSamplesAnalyticsExcludeSearchRequests from "/snippets/generated-code-samples/code_samples_analytics_exclude_search_requests.mdx";

> You can exclude specific search requests from analytics in certain use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to exclude specific search requests from analytics in certain use cases, such as:
```

Author: Modified!
